= Rack SEO

Rack SEO takes a page, analyses the content and provides relevant meta tags based on the words in the page.
It's easy to configure (via a YAML file) so you can control all your SEO meta tags from one place for any 
existing Rack application (including Rails, Sinatra, Padrino etc.)

== Features

* Provides keyword relevant title, meta-description and meta-keyword tags for every page
* Use CSS selectors to pull any content into the title tag
* Use CSS selectors to specify where to look for the meta description and keyword content e.g. "#intro"
* Fully configurable for each path your app, with wildcard matching using regular expressions

== Caveats

* Processes on every request, so be sure to use caching in production
* Uses the `summarize` gem, which is a wrapper around ("The Open Text Summarizer")[http://libots.sourceforge.net/]

== Contributing to Rack SEO

Contributors are very welcome! Use Github issues for feature requests and other suggestions/improvements.

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013 Xavier Riley. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

